Docs: Simplify getting started docs (#7618)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/analyzing-databases-with-the-codeql-cli.rst

You can also specify:

- ``...<query-specifications>``: a list of queries to run over your database. This
  is a list of arguments. Where each argument can be:
  - a path to a query file
  - a path to a directory containing query files
  - a path to a query suite file

>   - the name of a CodeQL query pack

Reviewer: The formatting seems to be off here (at least in the docs generated by the checks on the PR). You may need an empty line before and after these nested bullets.

You can also specify:

- ``...<query-specifications>``: a list of queries to run over your database. This
  is a list of arguments. Where each argument can be:

  - a path to a query file
  - a path to a directory containing query files
  - a path to a query suite file
  - the name of a CodeQL query pack
    If omitted, the default query suite for the language

>     of the database being analyzed will be usedFor more information, see the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    of the database being analyzed will be used. For more information, see the
```

  language to the GitHub code scanning API. For more information about this use case,
  see `Configuring CodeQL CLI in your CI system <https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/secure-coding/using-codeql-code-scanning-with-your-existing-ci-system/configuring-codeql-cli-in-your-ci-system>`__ in the GitHub documentation.

- ``--sarif-add-query-help``: (supported in version 2.7.1 onwards) adds any custom query help written
   in markdown to SARIF files (v2.1.0 or later) generated by the analysis. Query help stored in ``.qhelp`` files must be

>    converted to ``.md`` before running the analysis. For further information,

Reviewer: While we're editing this file. The spacing on lines 70/71 is giving a weird result in the live output: https://codeql.github.com/docs/codeql-cli/analyzing-databases-with-the-codeql-cli/#running-codeql-database-analyze

   see ":ref:`Including query help for custom CodeQL queries in SARIF files  <including-query-help-for-custom-codeql-queries-in-sarif-files>`."

- ``--download``: a boolean flag that will allow the CLI to download  any referenced CodeQL packages that are not available locally.

>    If this flag is missing and a referenced CodeQL package is not available locally, the command will fail.

Reviewer: This suffers from the same problem as lines 70/71 in the original article.

Author: Looks like there's an extra space at the start of the line. Fixing.

.. include:: ../reusables/beta-note-package-management.rst

To run an existing CodeQL query pack from the GitHub Container registry, you can specify one or more
pack names and use the ``--download`` flag::

>    codeql database analyze --download <database> microsoft/coding-standards@1.0.0 github/secutiry-queries --format=sarifv2.1.0 --output=query-results.sarif

Reviewer: I'd tend to put the download flag later in the command to reduce the tendency for people to see it as connected in anyway to `<database>` but maybe this is something that no developer would think 🤔

.. include:: ../reusables/beta-note-package-management.rst

To run an existing CodeQL query pack from the GitHub Container registry, you can specify one or more
pack names and use the ``--download`` flag::

>    codeql database analyze <database> microsoft/coding-standards@1.0.0 github/secutiry-queries --format=sarifv2.1.0 --output=query-results.sarif --download

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   codeql database analyze <database> microsoft/coding-standards@1.0.0 github/securiyy-queries --format=sarifv2.1.0 --output=query-results.sarif --download
```
